I'm pleased to announce my new tour for
2024 we who wrestle with
[Music]
God and God said who told you that you
were naked and the man said the woman it
was that woman and you gave her to
me I'm going to be concentrating on the
ideas I've been working through in my
forthcoming book now if you've watched
my lectures on Genesis from 2017 or any
of the Exodus seminar you'll get an idea
about the sorts of things that I'm
attempting to deal with although I will
be concentrating on biblical and general
narrative matters everything I discuss
is going to have a much broader General
applicability I'm thrilled to be able to
go out on tour again and I look forward
to seeing you
[Music]
all